So now that you have the Linaro or
the Ubuntu Image downloaded, let's go
ahead and dive right into the screen so
we can create the path variables, so
we can reference them more
easily in the next section.
>> All right, so the first thing you wanna
do is unzip the file you just downloaded.
And this may take a few seconds or
a couple of minutes
depending on your computer.
So with that in mind we can just chill for
a bit.
Okay, now after it's done you want to
go ahead and open up your terminal.
Now the thing you want
to type in is export.
>> Mm-hm.
>> And then the next thing you want to put
in is say the name of the path earlier you
want to use.
We are gonna go ahead and use LinaroImage.
Is equal to.
So now you've go to find where you put
unzipped the image you just
downloaded off the 96 sports website.
In this case ours is on the desktop.
Afterwards we're going to hit Enter and
to check if that was
successfully done you type in
echo along with a dollar sign.
And then the variable name you just chose.
>> And bam, so if there is some
errors within your variable,
try to retype it again and check to see
where the error might have occurred.
But after creating the path variable,
in the next section,
Randy and I will show you how to flash
the image on to the microSD card.
So stay tuned.